
- Branch off Promises (2dc4ecf)
- Create DataStore and DataStoreTests
- Add `let persistentStore: NSPersistentContainer` coordinator property and attempt to init
- See that it asks for a Model, start creating one
- Create both entities, and show the relationships between `ManagedGIF` and `ManagedTag`, make sure to explain the Many-to-Many nature
	- Mark all properties as non-optional

- Show that the NSManagedObjects code will be autogenerated
- Now that we have a model, initialize the PersistentContainer
	- Show all the guards that you need, and why a fatalError is a good idea here
	- Show that the model is in a different bundle
	- Show that the model is compiled from `xcdatamodel` to `momd`
- Show how `loadPersistentStores` is sync by default
	- Explain the tradeoffs of this, specially on migration.
	- This is step 0 (4a91dbe)

- Add an initializer using Promises.
	- Attemt to run the init from the unit tests, show that it passes, even if the store isn't loaded.
	- Show that a Log is shown when attempting to use a MOC.
	- Add a simple Bool flag called `storeIsReady` and make a test that fails it
	- Use promises to wrap the test and make a test that passes
	- This is step 1 (e812c31)
	
- Show that the simulator has now created a sqlite database using:
	- On Terminal `xcrun simctl get_app_container booted com.codecrafters.gifwallet.dev data`
	- Explain that we need a in-memory data store for the unit tests, rather than a sqlit one
 	- This is step 2 (04aa391)

- Start creating a "createGIF" and "fetchGIF" method. Do the absolute minimum to get a test failing.
	- On the create code, forget to add a property 
	- Notice how we're seeing again the same log as before, it's time to add a new error to the dataStore to handle this
	- Remove the testInit and move it to the setup of the test suite
	- Notice that it still doesn't pass since it's not finding any matching objects
	- Explain that it's missing the `save` method
	- It is still failing, because it's missing the creationDate, add it.
	- Now it works!
	- Step 3 (6c9319d)

- Let's create a test that makes sure you can only add one GIF per ID
	- Refactor the gif create code in the test to a new method so it can be reused
	- Explain that we shouldn't change the API, because returning an optional makes sense here.
	- Explain how this is a domain problem, with no clear solution.
	- Let's create a new error kind to verify this.
	- See that the API starts to feel weird, change the error throwing for asserts
	- Now fetch from the background context and edit if neccesary.
	- Step 4 (5686879)

- Note that we are still making `loadAndMigrateIfNeeded` sync. Move to async.
	- Show that it looks like it doesn't work from Unit Tests but works when app is run normally
	- Parametrize and show that it works
	- Step 5 (cc7298d)

- Now, let's add some code to make tags
	- Make the students create the code to fetch existing tags or create new ones
	- Make sure the unit tests fail before writing the code that makes it work
	- Show that tags are exposed as NSSet, which sucks
	- Rename tags to managedTags
	- Create a category to expose them as a Swift Set<String>
	- Step 6 (81055cc)

- Start writing code to query GIFs via a TAG
	- Make the students do it
	- Step 7 (b781d25)

- Query all GIFs chronologically
	- Step 8 (a22808b) 

- Now start cleaning stringly typed queries
	- Step 9 (c3f0e7b)

- Add Async queries (if there's time)
	- Step 10 (fca584d) 